hey guys Joey here I'm just here to let
you know before this video begins about
today's sponsor crypt tract [__] tract
is a mobile fantasy RPG which has
garnered a huge following here in Japan
due to its extremely aesthetic anime
styled characters and settings with an
incredibly vivid and rich story collect
and join over 600 unique characters that
are brought to life thanks to a talented
cast of voice actors and actresses not
only that but each character has a
unique set of skills and attacks
providing endless battle possibilities
to suit your unique play style
there's also have plenty of things to do
other than battling like character side
quests guild vs. guild team battles
character strengthening these battles
and a whole lot more so if that seems
like something that would tickle your
epic gamer girl elbow then make sure to
go down to the links in the description
below to check the game out for yourself
thanks again to crypt wracked for
today's sponsor and I hope you enjoy the
video
that's going to run this the enemy man
welcome back to another episode of the
monthly otaku collection the show that I
do at the end of every single month
where I give you guys a quick little
roundup recap of the manga that I read
the anime that I wash the merch that are
collected and any other things that I
did throughout this month that I can't
include in a video of its own hence the
name collection capiche so before you
jump right in let's do a quick little
update that I guess I want to announce
quickly in this video for those of you
who follow me on my social media then
you will mostly know that I
predominantly stick to things like
Twitter and Instagram and for the
longest time there was also one other
website which I was pretty active on
until about two years ago and then
suddenly kind of dropped off the face of
the earth and that's Facebook but I just
want to announce quickly in this video
that your boy is back on Facebook if you
go down to the link in the description
below or go to facebook.com slash the
anime man then you can join my Facebook
page again there are a lot of people who
don't know that I actually have like an
anime man Facebook page I've actually
had it since the very beginning of my
channel but again as I just mentioned I
wasn't using Facebook for a while
because I just wasn't really using
Facebook personally for a while but I
figured that this year I would bring it
back and try and be a little more active
on there considering that there are a
lot of you guys who don't have a Twitter
or don't have an instrument that you
can't really follow me on any social
media and the one that you do have is
Facebook you'll not only get updates
about new videos that are coming out but
also any other like announcements that I
probably won't be able to fit into video
so if you haven't follow me on Facebook
and you would like to then again go down
to the link in description below or go
to facebook.com slash animator alright
but with that out of the way let's move
on to the mangos and as every month I
I've read a lot of manga I might as well
just call myself the manga man at this
point but as always I've picked up on a
few brand new series mostly three that I
want to talk about today and we're gonna
start wholesome and gradually get more
lewd and lewd because that's that just
perfectly describes my channels
progression hasn't it so with that being
said the first series that I would like
to touch upon is a brand new work by a
quite indie and underground
which I have actually covered in a
previous month Lila type of collection I
don't even remember how many years ago
what month it was but it is a manga
artist by the name of Miyazaki not
educated and I touched upon a few of his
/ her series because the gender is
essentially unknown I'm assuming though
that from the art styles it might be a
female
it's a manga artist art which I'm not
too sure
is beautiful or ugly or kind of both at
the same time it depends on how I'm
feeling that day but basically Miyazaki
NASA GK has kind of been around in the
underground scene for quite a while and
I touched upon a few of her series I was
gonna call her and for the sake of this
video but I picked up on her brand new
one shot and it is this one right here
it's called Noctem or York at the time
anarchic Scudder and it is essentially a
boy meets girl youth romances story but
because this is not so GK we're talking
about Miyazaki not educated we're
talking about it's not your average or
standard boy meets girl story so
essentially the main character right
here
his name is Nami [__] and he loves to
draw he's kind of stuck in his own world
and he's not really interested in
meeting real people he's kind of sick of
a reality in all honesty because of the
different kinds of personal issues and
you know mental struggles that he goes
through in everyday life and he has this
girl that he thinks of when he thinks of
like the perfect girl the perfect
partner and her name is Gordon Yuki
what a name I know but we Lea enough as
he is sitting in the classroom sitting
in his own room at home and imagining
this perfect female form by the name of
Gordon and Yukiko one day at school in
the library he meets a beautiful blonde
haired girl that you can see here and
her name you probably guessed is Golda
then you Kiko first name you Kiko
surname golden that's a dope-ass surname
so you think just from that it's all
daisies and rainbows from there he gets
to meet essentially the goal of his
dreams but this is Miyazaki not Suzuki
we're talking about she doesn't show
things as they are she doesn't like to
keep stories simple in fact one of the
biggest qualities about Miyazaki
message' cares writing and storytelling
abilities is the fact that she doesn't
tell
as it is you actually don't really know
if what is happening in a particular
scene is actually happening or if it's
part of a character's imagination or it
is a representation or a metaphor for
something deeper this may be a quality
that a lot of manga readers may not
necessarily be into because you'll
probably get confused a lot of the time
I mean in all honesty I think I've read
this particular one-shot manga and it's
only like a 300 page one-shot manga but
I probably had to read this maybe two or
three times to I guess finally
understand the story and and this isn't
the only culprit in fact all of Miyazaki
not CGS manga I feel me multiple readers
to finally understand what exactly she
is trying to say and represent in
certain scenes and in her stories
overall and again as I mentioned I don't
know if Miyazaki not zgk is a good or
bad artist for example when you look at
a page like this there are a lot of
factors that you can see on here where
it's like okay yeah the Miyazaki NASA
Jake it clearly knows about composition
and characters faces and that kind of
stuff the simple stuff but then you look
at some other bits of it and you're like
oh that looks a little messy and that's
just one page out of 300 pages just in
this particular one shot right here I do
like the how I guess I bought like the
limited edition version and inside of it
came this little drawing right here that
Miyazaki knows as you care right
obviously as you can tell I bought this
at a Village Vanguard
because it's a it's a picture of Village
Vanguard one of the characters in front
of a village manga I guess this is like
a cute little bonus thing that came with
the book but again this story is really
interesting because especially in the
second half when he starts to develop
romantic relationships with an actual
girl that he knows exists in reality
that's when he starts to question his
own sanity of like okay is this golden
useful girl just a figment of my
imagination and I'm just imagining all
of this because of my very nihilistic
view on society and the real world or is
she actually a real girl is she actually
a real girl that actually exists but I'm
just projecting my idea of the perfect
girl onto this real life goal and she's
kind of playing along or she or he
thinks that she is playing along again
you can start to kind of see
how Miyazaki nozzles UK really [__]
with the psyche of not only her
characters but also the readers you
essentially become just as confused and
paranoid about your psychological
staying how you're viewing the world
that these characters are viewing just
as much as the characters of you in
their own world so it is somewhat of a
weird interactive experience that you
get with these characters because you
really feel for these characters
especially when you start to uncover the
multiple layers of metaphors and
representations and actually understand
what exactly this manga is trying to
represent and how it is doing so so if
you want to check out something that's a
little bit different a little bit
thought-provoking and quite mine [__]
but also enjoyable in its own right I
would definitely recommend this manga
right here but I would actually
recommend everything meals like you know
educators done she's done multiple one
Chelsea reason she's only really known
for her one-shot stories this one is
probably the longest one that I've seen
as you can see it's quite a thick book
but her other short stories are quite
short and you can easily read them
within like five ten minutes and they're
very enjoyable especially because again
you can read the multiple times and
always deem something new out of her
stories and her representations and
stuff like that so yeah definitely
recommend not to your cadet pay mine up
cause she's got a boy music he knows did
you get the second manga I would like to
recommend what we're kind of stepping up
now from wholesome to wholesome yet
obviously lewd baiting and it's really
interesting that I labeled this second
manga in that particular category of
somewhere between wholesome and lewd
because when I looked at the title and
the cover of this manga I definitely
thought I was gonna pick up some r18
[__] but weirdly enough as I continued
to read this first volume of what I
assume is a series I quickly realized
wow I've been I've been click baited
hard and it is this manga right here now
as you can see very click Beatty cover
III genuinely don't even know if this
cover is gonna get me a restricted or
whatever but the title will definitely
get me age-restricted
or at least demonetised if I say it and
it is all Google custody code n a which
means
the org won't [__] me that's a real
title but this is kind of similar to the
female Knight manga that I've pretty
sure I showed in last month's monthly
photo collection where the title and the
thumbnail or I guess the cover in this
case is so lewd baiting that you think
you're gonna be reading something that's
like hella lewd and hella r18 but when
in actuality you read it and you're way
like wow this is this weirdly wholesome
broth either it's weirdly wholesome or
my standard of lewdness is just off the
scales but essentially this is a story
about another female warrior as you can
see who has a husband who won't [__] her
and that husband just so happens to be
an dork
I don't know how many hentai series I've
seen that have that exact same premise
but you know he actually ends up [__]
them and in the setting of this
particular story the species of the orc
is one that is very sexually active like
like wild orcs will do anything to
essentially try and mate with female
humans it's the equivalent of what the
goblins were in goblins slay if that
makes sense and she secretly has this
kind of fetish for that kind of very
sexually addictive species of orcs and
decides to husbando one of those orcs
except the one that she has husband dude
is essentially asexual he has no
interest in doing it going completely
against the the species of orcs in
general and so essentially this is a
comedy lewd comedy slash slice of life
of this female warrior who on the
outside acts very tough but on the
inside is very lewd and her doing
everything that she can to excite her
orc husband in order for her to finally
get laid
Japan why do you do this don't get me
wrong it definitely does have a lot of
sexual scenes in it because this very
feminine and quite attractive female
Knight right here does a lot of
different sexual things to try and
excite her orc husband but at the end of
it at least with all of the stories in
this first volume she never quite gets
there and so it's built up as this
almost harem a sketchy type of story but
at the end of each chapter because the
orc is just like
whatever I'd rather fiddle through
Twitter and Instagram which he actually
does and I totally feel for it ends up
just kind of being this like eh case
slice of life and it's a really weird
combination yet weirdly enough I
couldn't really put this book down and I
have no idea why I couldn't put it down
because on the surface level this manga
should be a pile of [__] and it doesn't
quite reach that level weirdly so yeah
if you were into the the female Knight
series which I again talked about in my
previous monthly target collection or
any of those kinds of itchy slash Yash
case slice-of-life series then why not
check out walk us to Kadena and the
third and final manga is one that all of
you horny [__] on main are
probably been waiting for because I
definitely made this the title in
thumbnail but it is a one shot or more
an anthology a collection of short
stories by different artists that are
revolved around one particular series
and that one particular series just so
happens to be a recent manga adaptation
anime that has gotten a lot of
controversy and it is this one right
here it is the issues oka reviewers
official comic anthology darkness now I
myself hold quite a bit of value against
myself considering that I did a review
of issues like a review as a manga like
six months before the anime came out I'm
pretty sure I downst-- it or I reviewed
it before they even announced the anime
and all and I'll leave that in the
display in the link in the description
as well if you want to go check that
video out but essentially uh because the
anime and manga success really garnered
the attention of a lot of different
artists in the manga and especially the
dojin and hint i wuold somebody thought
it was a good idea to just straight up
make a dojin anthology of issues or
reviews because apparently the issues
occur review as manga just wasn't lewd
enough and there is a list of I think 20
different artists in this 20 different
artists some of them a manga artists
some of them are as I said dojin artists
I can't show you anything in this book
because goddamn the yellow doll sign is
just staring down my throat right now
but some notable artists
that have made an appearance in this
book is the first one you'll actually
see is Okada who is the creator of
Monster Muslimin and I had the great
pleasure of interviewing and meeting a
few years ago and I'll leave that link
in the description below as well if you
want to check that out but some other
notable Georgian artists that I'm
personally a fan of include xin daughter
o kuva maganda [__] all people be Yuki
there who else took you Mika as well
like they're all great
dojin artists and it definitely is a
very fitting image for a very lewd
series like this and I think I must have
like missed this when it first came out
because I think this came out actually
before the anime started airing so I
think was like late last year this thing
came out and I only just found it this
month so I don't know I don't know where
I was my lewd census must have been
turned off this month because I only
just found this and I mean it's what you
expect from something called the
anthology darkness there are some
straight-up like dodging [__] in here
like some straight-up hard-hitting [__]
in here and I don't know what I was
expecting
because it's issues okay reviewers and
goddamn it blows the line between what
is considered edgy and what is
considered just straight-up hand tight
but nonetheless it is some good quality
lewdness it actually introduced me to a
lot of very cool dojin artists which I
later check that off the reading this
and their portfolio is pretty impressive
and I mean hey if you like you issues
look at reviews then you definitely need
to go check it out but you're probably
thinking to yourself Joey I can't I
can't watch easy local reviewers
Funimation and literally every other
website that is of legal matters have
taken the anime off why do i do Sampey
well the good thing is there is actually
one company out there who still has the
balls to hold on to the issues of the
reviewers and that's book Walker if you
want to go check out the original issues
local reviewers manga series then it is
available over on book walker go to
global or book orchid or JP or links in
the description below and you can also
use my coupon code the anime man to get
five dollars off your purchase
that's essentially free my boys so again
if you want to support the lewdness
don't do it on my anime list by giving
it a 10 out of 10 just go and buy the
manga and enjoy some good quality
lewdness
and with that being said ladies and
gentlemen it
time to end this month we'll talk the
collection off with the month week
figurine giveaway brought to you by the
lovely folks over at Tokyo talked about
I think one type of anime figurine which
I feel definitely deserves a lot more
love especially from the Western market
is Nendoroids now I'm personally a huge
fan and in the road I'm gonna let a lot
of Nendoroids back in I even did a whole
video where I showed you guys some of
the rarest and in droids over at the
company that makes Nendoroids good smile
company I'll leave that in the link in
description as well if you want to check
it out I asked hope y'all talked about
hey what are some cool Nendoroids off
maybe some series that I like or that
you know people might enjoy and get into
and as always the folks over at Tokyo
otaku mode were like BAM we got you and
they set me free
nindroids not one not two three got
their nindroids and it is these right
here that's right this is cheeto and UD
from the lovely nihilistic slice-of-life
series girls lost tall now I am a huge
sucker for girls lost tall it is one of
my favorite recent slice-of-life series
and it's just absolutely great these two
characters right here first of all I
didn't even know they wouldn't androids
but I'm so happy that they are because
when I saw the austell in the anime
manga I was like goddamn I wish they
would make nindroids of them and they
have my name droids all of them so this
is chill right here chee cheong really
cute comes with the full armor set and
everything and here is beauty or you I
really love her droopy eyes and just the
character styles are just so freakin
cute and to top those two beautiful
characters off they've also sent me a
nindroid or I guess a figurine of the
kicked in Upland which is the I guess
tank slash bike slash vehicle that they
drive around in in girls lost tall and
I've never actually seen a huge I guess
add-on this is essentially like DLC to
these Nendoroids and I've never seen one
that is so big I mean I've seen like
little small pots and like backdrop so
you can give TuneIn doors I've never
seen just like a full-on huge figurine
like this so yeah this comes with the
full set you get both Chi and you
nandroid as well as a beautiful figurine
of the vehicle that kicked in double and
guess what my boys one lucky viewer who
is watching this video can actually win
all three of these figurines with the
Box are signed by your boy so if you'd
like to participate in that and perhaps
go into the draw to win yourself these
three beautiful nendoroid figurines then
all you have to do is follow a simple
three-step program like the video
subscribe to the channel and click the
link in the description below to enter
the free giveaway it's because of your
guys's support that we're able to
continue these monthly figuring
giveaways and you guys freaking love it
I freaking love it because I get to give
away some cool [__] that I'm personally
into and hopefully you guys are into and
yeah it's great
everybody wins so again make sure to
click that link in description below and
good luck to the winner and with that
said guys it is the end of this
episode's montolo type of collection
thank you once again for joining in
until the very end I'm happy that I got
to show off some really cool and
interesting manga to give you guys a
cool figuring giveaway and to just spend
some time with you you know just spend
some time just just chillin just
relaxing no heavy yet it's no heavy
challenges or anything just just chillin
just talking about manga it's good way
to wind down let me know what your guys
has personal monthly recycle collection
was for the month of February what kind
of manga did you read what kind of anime
did you watch what kind of much did you
buy and just how is your mouth been I'm
just curious to know how's your mouth
been how's your February been I'm still
healthy don't have the coronavirus yet
so so that's good I guess and look
forward to a bunch of awesome videos
coming out in March there's a lot of big
projects coming out in March that I'm
super looking forward to sharing with
you guys thank you very much as always
for the incredible support you've given
me especially within these first two
months I appreciate it my boys and girls
and I will see you guys in the next
video thanks for watching as always like
a favorite if you enjoyed subscribe to
more anime Banta and keep watching anime
Johnny
[Music]